First I will call the PD and report constant harassment of her and her to others as well and  in her neighborhood.
And that she is always suicidal and self harming.
I should have sent someone plenty of times, and she was sitting  there  self harming with clawing and beating herself with me on the phone and screaming in meltdowns and telling me how she would kill herself.
Someone paid me to kill you get spared,forty eight hours to pay five thousand dollar.If you inform the police or anybody,death is promised...email me now.
Fine then I will bring a gun to school and kill all the girls.I will I am serious.I Will do it at nine thirty Friday during first hour.I am serious I have twelve gauge shotgun and nine mm pistol I will bring and start killing everyone.
By the way ramen noodles are not made from soba or buckwheat.You are retarded and have no business when you have no idea what you are talking about .If I ever see you near my restaurant again you will be in trouble.$$
My father has 3 guns.I am planning on killing him first and putting his body in the dumpster. Then i will take the motor and driving to school and I am going in fast .I will  kill hopefully at least two hundred before I kill myself.
You nasty ugly fuck face cunt.i will do more than burn your house down .I will rape ur stupid shit fuck daughters decapitate them and send you their butcher bodies.
I will rape you if I ever see u cunt.
Sometimes young boy started send me rape threats,So I have started telling their mothers.
Go and fuck yourself you fucking piece of shit cunt.
There's one way to kill you but a thousand way to kill you.
ISIS have threatened an attack on Britain so horrific it will 'turn children's hair white' as latest video warns of further outrages across the continent.The terror group has warned the UK will suffer 'the lion's share' of the slaughter it intends to wield in Europe, according to its Arabic language newspaper, al-Naba.However, in a video released on Saturday, the millitants suggest it is Spain which will come under the strongest attack as the West is forced to 'pay dearly' for having crushed Muslim rule in Andalusia - more than 500 years ago.
Meanwhile, the video released at the weekend features a long-haired jihadi, who appears to be white, who warns ISIS is going to carry out atrocities which will make the West forget the September 11 attacks against the United States, or the Paris massacre in November.
A sentence is a group of words that are put together to mean something. A sentence is the basic unit of language which expresses a complete thought. It does this by following the grammatical rules of syntax. A complete sentence has at least a subject and a main verb to state (declare) a complete thought.